1. Introduction
- it’s not known the forces; just a guess
- there is a qualitative understanding
- it’s not known much about anisotropy or patterning
- there are some methods but they lack addressing some key aspects: it’s not in vivo (most of all), using small distance between the bead and the pole; in a big system, the gradients would be small; needing bigger gradients for high forces
- we expect a maximum value of the magnetic field (iron B)
- other solutions based on permanent magnets will face a limitation in probing the dynamics

2. Controllable (time, magnitude, orientation, space) magnetic forces for in vivo embryo studied are generated by the device in Fig1 A.
2.1. Magnetic force acts on a magnetic superparamagnetic bead (why not other class of magnetic material ?, what sizes?) which is located in a magnetic field gradient.
2.2. The gradient is determined by a set of 4 magnetic poles (alpha, beta, gamma and delta) in form of tapered-ended cylinders (why tapered?),  arranged along the lines which connect the centre of a tetrahedron with its vertexes. Due to several constrains, especially the body size of the imaging components, the poles angles are slightly reduced from the ideal 36 degree to 30 degree (Fig1 E). The magnetic field generated by 4 coils (tagged as 1, 2, 3 and 4 (see Fig.1B) aimed to be identical, but small deviations inherent to the manufacturing process exist) is guided towards the poles using a low magnetic resistance closed circuit. For the poles, the same material is used to reduce to minimum the flux leakage at the interfaces. Depending on the sign and magnitude of the currents in every coil various gradients could be obtained.
2.3. A compromise should be made about the distances between the poles. Smaller distances – higher gradients, smaller fields needed, so smaller currents and less heat generated. However, the distances should be large enough to accommodate the sample studied but also the sample holder. In our case, zebrafish embryo is around 0.7 mm and it was placed in a squared capillar with an outer size of 1.4 mm (Fig1 D) and inner size of 1.0 mm (Fig1 E). For maximum output of the device, we aim for the centre of the capillary to coincide with the centre of the deformed tetrahedron (Fig.1 D) and the final distances between the poles is reported in Fig.1 C.
3. The effects of the forces generated by the device and the forces themselves are quantified via imaging techniques. For different studies, different approaches are more suitable.
3.1. Bright field (Fig.2 C) is the simplest and very efficient approach the evaluate the forces. The bead moves in a fluid with known viscosity and from its velocity one can infer the force. The planar velocities are extracted from detecting the bead position change in time (FindContours function from openCV library)
3.2. To calculate axial velocity, a 2 cameras configuration was used. They have different focal planes and when the bead is between these planes, one can extract it’s position with high presition based on the focus parameter and previous calibrated data (Fig.2 B).
3.3. The axial displacement should be corrected for the effect of the interface between the air (where the objective is) and the fluid (Fig.2 D).
3.4. Bright field is great to evaluate the response of the zebrafish tissue.
3.5. More informations, like cell distortion due to applied force can be obtained with more advanced imaging technique like confocal or light sheet.
3.6. A light sheet microscope was able to fit the small space available in our magnetic device (Fig. 2 E)

4. Chamber + transfer of calibration between different imaging technique. Sample fitt (maybe monting). Need to define an optimal coordinate system for every technique.

5. Force orientation – what the device can provide. What forces, as magnitude

6. Calibration

7. Rheology
